hi this is John Guidry today we're gonna
be demoing this new device called a HX e
SD card floppy emulator and what I have
is this great device right here that
lets you use an SD card for floppy disk
images and you see up here at the top
you have a regular floppy disk cable
this device can emulate two drives so if
you have like an Amiga for example you
could do DF 0 and DF 1 or if you have a
TI 99 for example you can do des K 1 and
D s K 2 you can also do like a colon and
B colon if you have a PC takes a
standard three and a half inch power
cord which you see up there on the right
you see some jumpers here that where you
can configure the the a and the B drives
so I'm going to actually show you how
this thing works right if you look at it
right now it's saying oh what do you
wanted to have you want to have Drive a
or b so I'm gonna go ahead and take the
the drive a for it right now which is
actually D sk2 on my on my computer so
it just so happened to have this Madi
song DSK dot H Fe which is a PC 99 disc
that got translated over to a hf v file
which is the native file that this thing
reads so i'm gonna go ahead and pick it
and you see here it's got the the tracks
you know it's right now it's just kind
of sitting on track 8 like the head
would set on track 8 of a floppy and
it's got 40 tracks so let's go ahead and
and we're gonna go ahead and we're gonna
load we're gonna load this on the TI
here so we're gonna go ahead and we're
gonna go to extended basic and we're
gonna run I just happen to know what one
of the files is on here
and so I'm gonna hit enter but first
we're gonna see if I can get this back
and focus here and see it even held the
speaker in here I don't know if you
heard the clicks or not but here back on
the TI here it's loading the letters of
music and I'm not gonna make you listen
to the whole song so but there's two
actually a couple different pieces of
software that you have to utilize to get
this to work the first piece of software
is actually a floppy converter that
converts the PC 99 disc images over to
the HFE format that this thing expects
and there's also a another program that
actually will let you write a config
file to the root of the sdcard and that
and this thing needs the config file in
order to work and it config file does
things like sets the backlight level and
everything else you notice it's kind of
hard to see here with this light on
right here but there's a speaker right
here right in front of my finger there's
a d3 LED is a d2 and a d1 LED the d2
LEDs blinking for some reason the SD
card slot then you have three three
buttons right here that you can use the
middle buttons more of the menu button
that you can tell it to select a new
disc or whatever and the left and right
or the buttons you scroll to go through
two different areas of the directory
structure it supports standard fat32
formatting on the SD card of this SD or
SDHC so you should have plenty of space
to put your floppy disk images and it
supports right I believe on everything
except Commodore Amiga and you know one
of these days maybe that'll come soon
I'm not sure but here on the TI I
haven't tried right support yet but it
supposedly has it but the you know
pretty much it it's got its got some
mounting holes and such in the chassis
here you can mount it somewhere so I'll
have to see if I can figure out if I
could put
some plexiglass around it or something
but here's your quick short four minute
demo of this hxe floppy disk emulator
the SD card version